like I think that's the biggest of
friends from university to high school
like in high school your teachers will
be like are you okay and uni you have to
be the one who's like I'm not okay and
then like okay here's what we can do for
you hello everyone its Alaina and I'm
back we're never Cambridge vlog and
today I actually don't really have too
much to do actually like we're not
currently under a pressing deadline
which is lovely so I'm taking this
article with me which me and another
person have written or attempted to
write and we need to fix things so it's
about like many 240 pages and there are
lots of Commons so I'm gonna go over
that and honestly I don't know how long
this is gonna take me because I never
done this before so this is the goal for
today just finish this if I finish this
and I can do something else that's
amazing then I'm gonna do land love yay
so the other thing is animal rights law
which I did last year which is the non
compulsory course you can just do it
it's not even actually a course at the
faculty it's just something you can do
in your free time so that is just you
know now that I have some time today
because I finished actually all of my
work for the week so that's great so I
can prepare for my subversion next week
which is landlord but I do want to
finish this article off so that's what
I'm gonna do so yeah that's pretty much
a plan for today just finish this
article and if we can squeeze in some
landlord that's great so yeah let's do
it
so after I had breakfast in a buttery I
didn't walked out of college and I
always walk out of just old part in
college we just call it new cord and I
think it just looks amazing it's like
living in a castle and then I went to
the faculty and in the library we
actually had a lovely low library week
and they arranged the law books of the
heart and I just had to share this
picture of you guys cuz I thought it was
so cool that they did that and yeah
basically I just you know found myself a
nice little study spot and then I worked
on the article and it was honestly very
hard because there are so many details
and we had a lot of
but it was also kind of fun to get back
into it because I'd written this a while
ago and I realized like how many details
I forgot about and I'm back in the room
and I'm sorry this is a really short
filming in the faculty um I forgot some
of my lens or lecture but it was really
interesting we talked about easement
which is basically a hue go over your
neighbor's land you know all the time um
at some point you may have an easement
of way so you can just keep walking over
there and they can't stop you um it's
quite interesting
honestly I never thought that I'd say
that I love land law but I really do
which is very weird because I feel like
it sounds like the most boring thing on
the planet but I swear it's actually
really very interesting but yeah putting
landowner side um so I thought about
staying in the Faculty and just working
but I was not feeding it I'm here yay
the thing is this is like probably the
first time in a good five weeks that I
am NOT struggling to me a deadline or a
Dean you know I might regret taking this
day for the article I don't know we will
see tomorrow but um yeah the thing is I
feel like I needed to like do it more
chill so I was just you know have my
lunch here and then we're going a little
bit more I have to go back later because
I have a meeting Freddie came with
University human rights law Society
so I mean I just get like a little break
which is nice but we still have to work
so I got my lunch from the buttery um
which is basically pizza and some
potatoes Mayo
you know that's a little bit this
basically just pizza really living a
healthy lifestyle I know and then I also
went and got a sandwich from the buttery
they have started having these this year
um I like it you can just you know take
them and put it in the fridge and take
it with you later or if you're there in
the morning you can take it for class
for you know if you need to have lunch
in between lectures or something which
is great so I got this one because I
have digital verification cokes for MSC
international later which is basically
we
around and we verify footage of
atrocities which sounds pretty horrible
and sometimes you see pretty bad things
but it is very interesting and you do a
great thing so that's why this year so
the plan now is eat lunch and then get
back to working on the article but we're
gonna take a chill because we deserve to
take breaks that's the mantra we deserve
to take breaks um so yeah let's do it
the next day
hi guys it's the next day and I'm sorry
this blog has turned to a mess normally
I vlog like for the entire day and I was
planning to do that yesterday but
basically after I stopped filming I
started turning into an itchy human
tomato which was fun um so yeah
basically I had an allergic reaction I
don't know what I'm allergic to which is
great but yeah basically I just started
having a lot of red patches all over my
body and my face was just completely red
so I called the one-one-one line which
in the UK is basically the non-emergency
medical line so you know if you're sick
and you kind of need help but like
you're not dying then you call one one
one and they tell you what to do
so I went to my doctor I got some anti
allergy medicine and stuff and I feel
better but like I still have a lot of
red patches but yeah I managed to cover
him up so good with that
what good yeah I actually woke up at
10:00 today which not great because well
we have work so I'm working on land all
at the moment but honestly I'm not
feeling great um I think the medicine is
kind of like yeah just making me a very
tired and I have a headache
and yeah I'm just not feeling great
which is understandable so I'm gonna
keep working on this and I'm just going
to do it as much of it as I can but
honestly if I don't get through it I
will just email my supervisor tonight
and be like can we reschedule our Monday
supervision today Saturday I wouldn't be
able to finish it in a day I have
another submersion on Tuesday so if I
don't get as far as I need to get I will
email her
and I think having an allergic reaction
is a fair excuse I don't know many
reschedules divisions because I think
it's just a hassle for everybody but I'm
really not feeling great so it might
have to happen but I dip quickly want to
share a few guys how I normally do my
readings because I use this post-it
method which probably someone else
already used I just started doing it now
so I have to post-its at the beginning
of my reading one is C R which is
currently reading and one says notes so
to see our post it moves along with me
on the pages so that you know if I'm
interrupted while reading I can just
open it back up and I know where I am
and then there's a third one which says
nt and that is next target so just where
do I want to get so these free post-its
kind of help you visualize how far you
are because you can always just you know
lift up the mt1 and see this is how much
you've already read then it's the cr1
you always know where you are and the
notes one is how far have you taken
notes on it because I often you know
read a few pages and I take notes on
them then I go back to reading so it's
good for me to have these free posters
so that's kind of like the way I read um
maybe you guys will find us helpful so
yeah the plan now is do the textbook see
how far we get
and yeah just hopefully be productive
but in all honesty I don't know how
productive we're gonna be today so yeah
let's see so here's me reading for lands
law and it kind of looks like I've got
them very far in this time-lapse but
honestly it was just a few pages and it
was quite hard for me to focus so I
tried to drink a lot but it didn't
really do the job like I really tried
but it was very hard for me to actually
get fruit you know just a paragraph
which is not normal for me so I
struggled a little hi guys it's a bit
later and teach and I are gonna go to
Sainsbury's now um yeah that's pretty
much where our friendship lives
Lansbury's I haven't we
yeah dragging you out like being like
hey let's go to Sainsbury's yeah let's
see the Sun there's a threesome
Wednesday's and you have lectures and
maybe that's not all right
the iconic Wednesday also I don't know
if you guys can hear this but like the
wind is pretty bad and my voice sounds
crap today is getting better and better
and we have an amber wind warning in
Cambridge but are we going out anyway
yeah because we need food well see Jen
lost something we will look for it and
then we will go to sneeze breeze and
yeah she found it all right then let's
go out into the amber rain strong
warning no not rain storm just wind the
Evergreen yeah but the amber rain
warning is somewhere else we're good so
yep let's do it okay so we're back from
Sainz
and I thought I'd show you guys what I
got things because I've actually become
like a little more healthy don't worry
like I'm not turning into like a vegan
blocker who's gonna like give you guys
recipes for porridge or whatever that's
never gonna happen
but um I am here getting a little more
healthy I'm not the first because
actually I'll help you sorry but the
rest is kind of healthy I think I'm so
MUC noodled
yeah here we go I need that like I think
the rules are a great snack like just
you know throughout the day when you get
hungry they're not really a meal like
they're not enough for that but it kind
of just a snack so yeah that's just how
I feel about mic noodles so anyway
moving on we get to the healthy stuff
guys apples bananas strawberries and
grapes um it's just like a little
package these are still overpriced these
packages um but I'm sick today so I feel
like I deserve it and that's why I
bought it and then just you know some
normal grapes
I love eating grapes while I work I
don't know I just need to eat something
while I work so I usually eat grapes and
then I also have fun on us which have
become like my name is snack that I just
bring to lectures it's a bit weird but I
feel like if you eat a banana it gives
you a lot of energy so I like to bring
in too
the only downside is they all reckoned
of sensitive like you can't you know
just throw them in your backpack and
then put a 1 kilogram law book on top
they're gonna be crushed so yeah that's
that's the only thing you need to take
care of and yeah then I also got my um
fruit juice I have been drinking this
fruit juice so much like it's concerning
how much I've been drinking it um but
it's really really good I really really
like it so I just drink that like all
the time
oh yeah and then I just quickly want to
show you guys the back which I took the
Sainsbury's with me in which I use a lot
which is this small bag and I always
just put my shopping back inside my
fancy shopping back which I got when I
was like 16
I know it's Paris and that's nothing
like the one thing I bought Maris a
shopping bag from like a supermarket
chain yeah um so anyway it's this little
bag I was sent this back a few months
ago by Teddy Blake and thank you guys so
so much for sending it to me I really
really like it um I have been using this
a lot because I needed a small black bag
that I could wear for also like official
things because like in Cambridge we have
a lot of events you know like careers
events but also formal dinners and
things like not and you just need to
look put together but you need a back
which actually fits your stuff and this
back fits it so um the thing that
impressed me most about it is that it
can fit my umbrella now my umbrella is
already here because it was raining but
that's like the most important thing in
Cambridge an umbrella and yeah this is
what it looks like so there's my phone
in there very important needs to fit and
then just like my little bag for my
shopping bag airports and my key and
then just my cards very important my uni
card because without it I don't get into
uni buildings so the back itself is
relatively big on the inside it does
have a zipper here is made of leather
and I really really like it I think it
still looks like it did when I got it
which is amazing
because I've been using it a lot so I
really really like it and when you
reached out and asked if I could you
know just show it again I was like of
course I can because it's amazing so
yeah just quickly want to share it it's
just a little update um I really really
like the back itself I think it looks
quite fancy but you can kind of wear it
with everything which is what I love if
you guys are interested in this
particular bag I'm gonna put any info
box below which back it is and I'm also
going to put the link down below is an
affiliate link but I'm really just
sharing it because I I genuinely love
the bag um and I was not an affiliate
influencer with them before and I
wouldn't have done it if I wouldn't have
really liked it which I do so yeah thank
you guys so much for sending it to me
and if you guys want to see how I wear
the bag I have a lookbook video on my
channel which I mean link in the info
box below where I shared a few outfits
that I went uni and there also showed
how I wear this back with a few things
so yeah
just who do you want to add more info on
the back are gonna be in your box below
and now it is time to get back to being
productive
can you guys hear this I don't know if
you can but like the wind is like so
loud I just feel like it kind of gets
trapped in like here between two
buildings because we're right at the
river so let me see if I can show you
guys this
it's a basic meeting there's just other
buildings on the other side and I feel
like the wind just kind of gets trapped
in between here and that's why we hear
it so yeah the good thing is the weather
really doesn't want to make you leave
the house so I should be you know just
working I guess that's pretty much all
you can do
so yeah let's do it many hours later hi
guys um it is a lot later not much work
has gotten done I did message to person
who's a my supervision and told him I've
been mr. brach so I'm gonna even
probably my supervisor I'm gonna see how
far I get with this um but honestly it's
not looking great I don't even have like
a page of notes so yeah this is all I
have produced in a state of my misery
this is all I have to
just to put this into context okay I'm
on page 142 for my notes guys I started
out on page 142 so great and I yeah like
I mean I got further with like reading
stuff but not very far so this is really
not great but I think this is also like
you know when you're not feeling well
there are slight you know you can try to
do your best but sometimes you just
conned and I think like last year I kind
of like didn't want to say it when I
wasn't like okay so I just like kind of
trying to cover up that I didn't get
around to doing something and I I didn't
want to ask anybody to reschedule
supervision because you know it's a
massive inconvenience for everybody if
you make them change your schedule like
my supervisor will be affected by this
you have a person my supervision will be
affected by this that sucks
and I try never to do this because I
know it's annoying for people but the
thing is I cannot learn this year like
it's okay if you're not at 100% at some
point but like you've got to let people
know and that's the thing in uni when
you're not okay you got to help people
like I think that's the biggest of
friends from university to high school
like in high school your teachers will
be like are you okay and uni you have to
be the one who's like I'm not okay and
then they're like okay here's what we
can do for you so I'm gonna ask my
supervisors possible to reschedule
supervision because I don't think I can
finish all of this in a day I'm not
supposed to finish this in the day but
since I've been out of it since Friday
afternoon I lost one and a half days I
only have tomorrow that's not gonna you
know cut it so well so lesson learned um
ask for help in hindsight I probably
would have done myself better if I just
slept the day like my body wanted me do
it is now
8:15 I will go to bed now and sleep a
lot because I need it so yeah
that's pretty much what I'm going to do
so if you take anything away from this
it's ask for helping you know okay and
it's okay not to be at 100% all the time
especially if you're looking like a red
tomato see Jen it's just a lot of thing
at me
you know I took pictures but these
pictures would never reach the public
don't get your hopes up trust me you
don't wanna see it but it was bad it was
pretty bad um so yeah it was a
humiliating experience especially
because I was so itchy and I was just
like scratching everywhere um not a
great experience in public but yeah and
we did you know get two free rows on a
table also a lot of people asked what
this program is it's pages in case
you're interested it's free by Apple so
yeah I'm gonna make a video on how I
make my notes when I actually have some
notes for this division so yeah thank
you so much for watching and take care
of yourself have a nice day bye